Hunger marketing has been based on rarity since ancient times
The less stuff there is, the louder it will be
The more people there are, the more popular they will be.
Wait until you have enough popularity
Let's release the goods again.
Then you can make a lot of money
This is called Hunger Ningxiang
Daydreaming
You tease people like this
A few days down
Surely no one will buy this shitty trip
Really? Don't complain.
Let's also make a bet
If you keep making people like this
Someone can still buy it in three days.
You can let me call you dad, okay?
We pull the hook
If no one buys it after three days
You have to disappear from us
So you don't snore.
No problem, just pull the hook
I want this
Give me a total
I want 5 boxes.
always me
I've been in line for three days
Today, I bought 10 boxes and washed them all while washing.
Hey, Mr. Yi is here
I also have a car
So many people bought it, how many did it sell today?
I sold 5 boxes today, it's 5 cars and 5 cars.